Hi everyone of the world rubber market
This is a table tennis wisdom bag
Nice to meet you Today's theme is
Here's a double sleeve
I would like to introduce you to the foreboding Tsutsuki
This is how you fit your back
I wonder if you have a tutu
Somehow against the other party's serve
After all it is my third team to play
Please hit me and please receive me
I am often doing it unconsciously
So a skill that does not require a sense of cutting today
Because it is difficult to cut the apricot
The other party can simply attack in one step without breaking
Receive an effective receive that can not
One simple receive such as holding leadership
If you would like to transfer tips, please take a look
In just one step, you're offensive
It's a way, but one that strikes
I'm going to push it out faster than usual
Please do it already
Googuru trying to cut off aggressively
It is difficult than usual
It is bound and can be caught by the tsutsuki basic vertex
I think there are many, but not at the top
Tatan Tatan already hit the ball just now after bouncing
It is early after the bounce It is just after the bounce
The ball will be quick at a stretch
Press a little Press a little Back
I will push a little on the back side
Offensive early Tsutsuki that got on speed
You will be getting deeper into the back of the bag
It is often said that you accelerate the hit point with Tsuttsuki
I often say that I will push a little while advancing
I feel vaguely somehow
Than doing Tsutsuki against the opponent's serve
While pushing a little while in the back of the back
While pressing a little earlier in the early timing
I will do it with Tatan
As it was early timing, we came to be stuck up and came
The other party hit it firmly
It feels like it's changed to Tsutsuki
The opponent can not beat at all in the third game
It feels like
The most common doubles are Tsutsuki
Because it is a receiving technique, there somehow
If you can do it, go ahead a bit earlier
Press a little
It is a feeling that it pushes in the aspect of the tsutsuki
Just doing so is completely different
Even if you do not know the other party's serve, each other's faces
Because swing speed goes up
It will be less susceptible to rotation
Even if you don't feel like it's cutting, you can't beat it
And here in this early Tutsu Tsuki received
The merit of being able to hold leadership is
It's a lot of aggressive Tsutsuki
Thank you for trying if you like